Nightshade - Black single-author child theme for WordPress
----------------------------------------------------------
Nightshade is a fluid, black single-author child theme for Wordpress
designed to mimic the look and feel of Minima Black, a theme on the popular
blog network Blogger.

Nightshade is a child theme based on the Thematic Framework. What is
Thematic and why is it important? To understand this, first you must
understand child themes. In layman's terms, a child theme is a theme that
piggybacks on another theme's PHP while providing its own CSS to create a
new look. This child theme piggybacks off the Thematic Framework, a free
copy of which can be obtained at the Themeshaper website,
http://themeshaper.com/thematic/.

Author
------
Jeremy Brown <code@mischivous.com>

Installation
------------

	0) If you haven't done so already, download a copy of Thematic (up
	   to 0.9.6.1) from the Themeshaper website at the address listed
	   above.

	1) Extract both the Thematic theme and the Nightshade theme into
	   your blog's "themes" directory.

	2) Activate Nightshade from the dashboard.

	3) You're done!

Author's Notes
--------------
Hello, and thanks for choosing my theme! Before you start using Nightshade, I
just want to let you know about a few quirks about the theme that you should
probably know about before you begin to use it:

	1: The theme was designed to give end users the ability to use
	   widgets to fine-tune the way content is displayed on their blog.
	   Therefore, you will have to find a set of widgets and a display
	   order that suits you. If you wish to get your blog up and running
	   as soon as possible, I offer the following default configuration:

		* Primary Aside: Search, Links, Archives, Meta
		* Secondary Aside: Text (see below)

	2: The theme was designed to have 3 columns - one on the right (the
	   primary aside) for general blog stuff like links and a search bar,
	   one in the center for content and one on the left (the secondary
	   aside) for more content about the author. Thus, I propose that for
	   the best experience you follow these conventions, with the first
	   item in the secondary aside being an "About Me" space to talk
	   about yourself, with possibly a link to a page that goes into
	   greater detail. The space below the blurb could be well utilized
	   with a Twitter feed (I recommend WP Tweets, as it's the only one
	   I am 100% sure will play nice with the theme, but you can try
	   others and if they look well with the theme please let me know.)

	3: While the theme is advertised as having three columns, it only
	   does so on the index page - everywhere else, it drops to two
	   columns to better display the main content of the blog. Thusly,
	   if you really want some widget to always be visible, you should
	   put it in the primary aside.

And that's about it! Remember - everything here is just information about the
theme and some starter configurations and plugins, nothing is the gospel.
